simple version of YMT
the files have static stuff, which can only be specified once at the beginning

.ymt
	Type	: static : what is it
		should be specified at the beginning of the file
		although probably isnt needed since it can be infered from the extension
	Format	: static : how to parse
		since the way I'm gonna do it here will be different from the old
	#		: Comment, everything between # and the next \n or end of line
	Pasing	: how to parse Floats vs Indexes
		allow indexe to be 0x and 0b ?
		that gets into relative indexe
		and then math
		and thats the complex stuff

.polyhedra.ymt
	.ymt Type : PolyHedra
	Skin	: static :
		optional ? will need to figure out a good default to do
		dont want to use a missing texture since thats different ?
		and also there are no texture coords
		so just all white ? i guess
		every skin needs a differnet shader anyway
		so just have default shader that makes it all white ?
		but then the faces will be hard to tell apart
		also, Skin would be best to get processed after the main polyhedra file ?
		so should it be specified at the end ?
		or should all static stuff be at the beginning, and then internally gets parsed at then end
		when looking for a File, look for the string given, then for the string with .skin.ymt at the end
		if empty, look for name as current file with .polyhedra.ymt replaced with .skin.ymt
	c	: Float 3 : Corner
	f	: Undex 3 : Face

.skin2DA.ymt
		should extension be .skin.ymt
		and then Type : 2DA
		yes, the extension is the general type
		the Type is the more specific Type
		and Format is how to parse the File into that Type
	W	: width
	H	: height
		Image Files will be scaled to this size
	Normals	: how should Normals be handled
		calcF	: calculate Face Normals
		calcC	: calculate Corner Normals
		useF	: use Face Normals
		useC	: use Corner Normals
	File	: string : image file of texture
		these should be relative to where the .skin2DA.ymt file is
		all file related stuff should be
		W and H need to be before this
		special built in Textures ?
	Texture	: string : builtin Textures
		Simple : RGB YCM Black and White
		Gradients ? Generated ?
	t	: Float 3 : Texture Point
		should this bo for the Corner that has the same Index
		or should these be stored and then there is a differnt Index Array
		for where to use what texture point
	n	: Float 3 : Normal ?
		do Normals need to be specified ?
		or should they just be calculated
		that should probably also be set at the beginnig
